# Temperature_Logger

This repository contains Arduino code for operating a temperature measuring device built in the block course "Practical Measurement Electronics and Interfaces in Ocean Sciences" of the Master's programme Ocean and Climate Physics by Niels Fuchs and Markus Ritschel at the Universität Hamburg. Measurements of the devices of all participants for calibration and time constant determination as well as a report that serves as a data sheet for the devices are included.

The temperature measuring device measures temperatures every ten seconds as spot and average measurements in a 2-digit form. An Arduino is used for operating the device. The code has to be uploaded to the device via the Arduino IDE program. When uplodaed, the device starts measuring the temperatures automatically after power up. How to wire the Arduino and the temperature sensor is described in the report. Calibration and time constant measurement time series were taken in the ice laboratory of the Max-Planck-Insitute for Meteorology in Hamburg. The files are included in the repository in the folder temperature_measurements. Further, a jupyter notebook file is included for the evaluation of the calibration and time constant of the temperature measuring devices as well as interpolating all sensors to the same time axis.

This repository has be be cloned on your local machine with the following command:

git clone https://github.com/loanagr/Temperature_sensor.git

Connect Arduino and temperature sensor DS18B20 as decribed in the report and load the code onto the Arduino.

## About The Project

## Setup

## Project Structure
├── Temperature_Logger_Code             <- A place for assets like shapefiles or config files
│
├── data               <- Contains all data used for the analyses in this project.
│   │                     The sub-directories can be links to the actual location of your data.
│
├── pictures             <- The technical documentation (default engine: Sphinx; but feel free to use 
│                         MkDocs, Jupyter-Book or anything similar).
│                         This should contain only documentation of the code and the assets.
│                         A report of the actual project should be placed in `reports/book`.
│
├── logs               <- Storage location for the log files being generated by scripts
│
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
│   │                     and a short `-` or `_` delimited description, e.g. `01-initial-analyses`
│   ├── _paired        <- Optional location for your paired jupyter notebook files
│   ├── exploratory    <- Notebooks for exploratory tasks
│   └── reports        <- Notebooks generating reports and figures
│
├── references         <- Data descriptions, manuals, and all other explanatory materials
│
├── reports            <- Generated reports (e.g. HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.)
│   ├── book           <- A Jupyter-Book describing the project
│   └── figures        <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
│
├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
├── scripts            <- High-level scripts that use (low-level) source code from `src/`
├── src                <- Source code (and only source code!) for use in this project
│   ├── tests          <- Contains tests for the code in `src/`
│   └── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module and provides some standard variables
│
├── .env               <- In this file, specify all your custom environment variables
│                         Keep this out of version control!
├── CHANGELOG.md       <- All major changes should go in there
├── jupytext.toml      <- Configuration file for jupytext
├── LICENSE            <- The license used for this project
├── Makefile           <- A self-documenting Makefile for standard CLI tasks
├── README.md          <- The top-level README of this project
├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
│                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
│
└── setup.py           <- Setup python file to install your source code in your (virtual) python environment

## Contact
For any questions or issues, please contact me via quentin.rauschenbach@studium.uni-hamburg.de



